welcome to a video designed to teach sun
city Hilton Head members had a register
for club events online using the
tournament parent program online for
clubs at each posting station there will
be a tab title tournament pairing
program signup and here's where you can
go to login with your account
credentials there is also a URL pictured
on the screen that you'll be able to use
to login from home each Club member has
been populated with an account using
their gin local number as their user
name and their last name all lowercase
as their password if you have any
problems logging in please contact the
Sun City who had staff for help getting
here credentials set in the system if
you're on a shared computer don't have
the program remember your password but
at home there might be a helpful tip to
help your capsules save into the system
once you're logged in you'll be
displayed with the event schedule for
the club there's a few drop-down areas
that will help you easily select the
events that you're looking for the first
is a season drop down which is
segregated from all events into events
just for the mga or for the WGA as well
as a member program which can help
display events where only people who are
members of the mga
or the WGA can register looking at the
event schedule you'll see that there's a
checkbox next to each event for which
you have eligibility to register the
events that don't have a checkbox are
either closed or you do not have
eligibility for instance logging in as
kid Bermudez he is not eligible to
register for WG event because he is not
a member of the WGA other information
about the event is shown as the site the
dates when entries are accepted as well
as a link to see what people have
registered for the event already
on the left hand side are some helpful
tips that you can login and see what
events you've registered for change your
profile and also add a photo if you wish
to view more information about an event
click on the event title and you'll be
brought to its landing page here you can
read more information here you can read
more information about the event as well
as any details in terms of sign up that
you need to know multiple events can be
registered for at once by clicking both
of them and clicking on register for
selected events in this example we're
just going to register for the test
event and we're brought to that landing
page which will register now we're gonna
be prompted through the event signup
process any information that's
highlighted in yellow needs to be
confirmed but it should be pre-populated
from your profile and if this were a
team event the profile and sign of
information that would be asked free
from you would be done to select a team
member to play with but once we click
finish we can go back into the events
schedule once we see that were entered
into the event and now under events
registered for we could withdraw
our application from that event if we
wished it's important that on the shared
computer that you log out of the program
each time so that the next user can log
in with their own credentials since this
is an online program one of the benefits
is that we'll get an online confirmation
from the system saying that we've been
registered into the event you'll also
get this email confirmation if you
change information about yourself in the
system withdraw from an event or if
someone signs you up for a team event if
you forget forget your credentials in
this
them you can click on the recover
username and password link and submit
your username as well as the email
address that you're using in the system
and it will send you an email with your
username and password to help you get
back into the system if you have any
questions please contact the Sun City
Howe and head staff thank you
you